[Music]
nine surprising insights into the life
of a royal nanny excellent self defense
and first aid skills extreme driving and
good knowledge of psychology are these
requirements were becoming an FBI agent
nope those are just a couple of the
skills a nanny must have to work for the
British royal family
so what other exceptional ability should
you acquire in order to become a royal
nanny listen up as we're about to spill
the beans but before we get to all the
secret royal rules be sure to click
subscribe and turn on that little
notification belt now you won't miss any
of the daily Brightside updates number
nine
a royal nanny must have a good education
if you want to be a royal babysitter
loving kids is a good start but it's not
enough the British royal family demands
that their nannies receive a prestigious
education at none other than Norland
College this College was founded in 1892
by Emily Ward and it provides
exceptional childcare training and if
you think that anybody can get in think
again a good enrollee must be in good
physical condition speak English very
well and have a perfect and unblemished
background that's probably why Norland
trainees have no problem getting jobs as
nannies or nurses all around the world
taking care of kids isn't the only thing
that girls can learn there they also
take a closer look at such subjects as
psychology history philosophy sociology
and literature
no wonder the royal family wants nannies
from this College in particular number
eight a royal nanny must practice with a
robot baby another important part of a
future royal nannies norrland studies is
working with robot babies no student is
allowed to take care of a real baby
until she has shown her practical skills
and high professionalism while looking
after an electronic baby well it can't
be that hard
in it after all it's not a real and
unpredictable baby right the truth is
that the robotic babies can wake up
crying in middle of the night craving
food or attention and even after a busy
day with tons of lectures and
never-ending homework a nanny can't
ignore the baby's needs this builds a
strong sense of responsibility within
the trainees and shows them what taking
care of a child is really like number
seven a royal nanny must be able to
protect a baby the list of a royal
nannies responsibilities is quite long
and protecting herself and the baby in
case of an emergency is one of the
primary tasks the Royal babysitter may
look graceful elegant and feminine but
she will take immediate action in
dangerous situations norland college
students take self-defense lessons from
former officers and military
intelligence personnel so don't mess
with the royal nanny you'll definitely
regret it
during the last course of their three
year study programme the trainees also
learn how to administer first aid let's
be honest with a nanny like that you
certainly don't have to worry about your
child's well-being number six a royal
nanny must have excellent driving skills
if knowing pretty much everything about
self-defence is still not cool enough
for you
listen to this a royal nanny has to be
one of the best drivers out there they
are taught extreme driving at Norland
College so that children will be
completely safe with their nanny in any
possible situation to put it simply
Norland college graduates can drive a
car perfectly in even the most difficult
conditions imaginable we guess it
wouldn't be a big deal for them to flee
from any chase while respecting all the
traffic rules at the same time truly
fierce women
number five a royal nanny has to watch
all the Royal kids even though Prince
William the heir to the throne and his
gorgeous wife the Duchess of Cambridge
could have hired many nannies to take
care of their three beautiful kids they
have only one her name is Maria Barela
and she is of course a Norland College
graduate
she started fulfilling her duties in the
royal palace when Prince George was just
8 months old and she continues to help
the family Maria can be firm and strict
just like any other good nanny out there
but she loves the kids dearly and the
feeling is mutual Prince George and
Princess Charlotte reportedly adore
their nanny and even learned Spanish
from her cuteness overload number for a
royal nanny becomes part of the royal
family
a royal nanny isn't perceived merely as
a hired worker by the royal family for
them she is another family member she
has to live in the palace
to be near the kids and escort them
everywhere during celebrations and
traveling Maria burello also has a great
seat at pretty much every royal event
and she usually wears her traditional
Norland graduate uniform for these we
have no idea what her schedule might
look like but we know some things about
previous nanny's work hours
thanks to June Wohlers published letters
Waller was a nanny who helped queen
elizabeth ii take care of her third son
andrew Wohlers work days finished at
8:30 p.m. the rules were so strict that
she wasn't even allowed to talk on the
phone before this time nonetheless those
were restrictions back in the 1960s and
we all know how dramatically things have
changed since then number three a royal
nanny must be able to keep secrets
everybody wants to know more about the
royal family and their everyday life
behind closed doors
as you can probably imagine there's
nothing worse than having a talkative
nanny in this environment the rules here
are just as strict as with everything
else
there should be no rumors roaming around
the royal family that's the reason why
you won't find a royal nanny on any
social media you won't read an interview
with her in a magazine or see her
dishing on her employers on TV either
all these details are talked about
before him and when being hired a nanny
has to sign a document in which they
promise to maintain the utmost
confidentiality what happens in the
royal palace stays in the royal palace
number two a royal nanny can never spank
a child being violent to a child is
wrong whether you're a nanny or a parent
so it's no surprise that this rule made
it onto the list norland College
promises that none of its alumni will
ever impose any corporal punishment on a
child it's strictly forbidden even to
grab a child's hand and that's the best
approach you can take when taking care
of a child
little kids understand everything on a
subconscious level and the atmosphere in
which they spend their childhood stays
with them for the rest of their lives
spanking only shows a child that
violence is a good way of dealing with
your problems and getting your way do
you really want to send such signals to
a child using your words and explaining
why something is wrong is much more
civil and appropriate number one a royal
nanny should never try to replace the
parents every child has a special place
in their heart for their nanny but no
matter how amazing and incredible she is
she can never take the parents place and
every top babysitter knows that Norland
College recommends that its students and
graduates always try to involve the
parents and things like bathing or
putting the children to bed
this allows little kids to feel that
unique bond with their parents even if
they're constantly working and don't
have much time to play every baby needs
and wants to be loved and the best way
to show your love is to give your time a
good nanny always knows when to leave
and allow the parents to have quality
one-on-one time with their child and
royal nannies are true masters of this
art so what do you think about all these
royal rules reasonable or kind of weird
would you like to be a royal Danny after
seeing all of this tell us your opinion
in the comments below
if you found this video interesting give
us a like and share it with your friends
make sure to click subscribe for a daily
dose of bright side in your life that's
it for now but see you soon
you